#Alternative Pacifist

Must have played True genocide and then start a new, truly pacifistic run. After the true pacifist ending, you get a call from someone you don't know. They tell you to come to Snowdin. Since you can't go back there by foot (there's a blockade), you have to go there using the boat of the riverperson. On the way there, you meet Asriel. He tells you that, somehow, he suddenly felt like he'd be strong enough to stay in his real form, if only he'd stay with you / Frisk. You tell him you have to go to snowdin, and he decides to join you. He goes up ahead. As you go to the riverperson, they will just ask you "To Snowdin, eh?" or something. Then you ride the boat as usual. But as you arrive at Snowdin, there's literally nobody. You wonder why the riverperson knew where you wanted to go. You speak to Asriel, and he tells you that he can feel a determination almost greater than yours, approaching New Home. The two of you hurry there by foot, because for some reason, the riverperson vanished... As you arrive in the judgment hall, you encounter your previous self from the True genocide run, the timeline that should have been destroyed. You have to fight the genociding Frisk, whose body has been taken over by Chara. Acting is no help at all. As you are about to deliver the final blow, Asriel jumps in and stops the fight. He manages to drain the hate out of Chara's soul. As soon as he's finished, there's a message in Genereic Aster... (please @Iunus enter your message here, I forgot it). It seems that by creating a new timeline out of a true genocide and true pacifist timeline, you broke the law never to cross timelines. Somehow, by doing that, Gaster seems to have returned... As you leave New Home, you notice that there are monsters again and you're in the true pacifist route now again. If you check out Sans lab, and the machine in it, the text of that machine says: "Strangely, it doesn't seem to be broken any more... You have no idea how to use it though."